Migrate profiler enabling docs to single Cdocs page (#35099)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/profiler/enabling/ddprof.mdoc.md

   {% tabs %}

   {% tab label="Environment variables" %}
   ```bash
   export DD_ENV=prod
   export DD_SERVICE=my-web-app
   export DD_VERSION=1.0.3
   ./ddprof myapp --arg1 --arg2
   ```

   {% alert %}
   If you usually launch your application using a shell builtin, for example:

   ```bash
   exec myapp --arg1 --arg2
   ```

   Then you must invoke `ddprof` with that builtin instead:

   ```bash
   export DD_ENV=prod
   export DD_SERVICE=my-web-app
   export DD_VERSION=1.0.3
   exec ./ddprof myapp --arg1 --arg2
   ```
   {% /alert %}
   {% /tab %}

   {% tab label="Parameters" %}
   ```bash
   ./ddprof --environment prod --service my-web-app --service_version 1.0.3 myapp --arg1 --arg2
   ```

   {% alert %}
   If you usually launch your application using a shell builtin, for example:

   ```bash
   exec myapp --arg1
   ```

   Then you must invoke `ddprof` with that builtin instead:

   ```bash
   exec ./ddprof --environment prod --service my-web-app --service_version 1.0.3 myapp --arg1 --arg2
   ```
   {% /alert %}
   {% /tab %}

   {% /tabs %}

> 3. A couple of minutes after you start your application, your profiles appear on the [Datadog APM > Profiler page][4]. If they do not, refer to the [Troubleshooting][5] guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A couple of minutes after you start your application, your profiles appear on the [Datadog APM > Profiler page][4]. If they do not, see the [Troubleshooting][5] guide.
```
